docs: update "How to write gRPC SDK for GreptimeDB" (#262)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/developer-guide/how-to/how-to-write-sdk.md

# How to write a gRPC SDK for GreptimeDB

There are two gRPC services exposed by GreptimeDB. One is defined by GreptimeDB, the other is built on top
of [Apache Arrow Flight](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/format/Flight.html). If you want to write a gRPC SDK for
GreptimeDB in a programming language you are familiar with, read on!

> Currently, we only have gRPC SDK written in Java, and you can find more details [here](../user-guide/java-sdk.md).

## `GreptimeDatabase` Service

> GreptimeDB defines a custom gRPC service `GreptimeDatabase`. You can find its protobuf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GreptimeDB defines a custom gRPC service called `GreptimeDatabase`. You can find its protobuf
```

definitions [here](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptime-proto). It contains two RPC methods:

```protobuf
service GreptimeDatabase {
  rpc Handle(GreptimeRequest) returns (GreptimeResponse);

  rpc HandleRequests(stream GreptimeRequest) returns (GreptimeResponse);
}
```

> The `Handle` method is for unary call: GreptimeDB server replies with a `GreptimeResponse` immediately after received

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Handle` method is for unary call: When a `GreptimeRequest` is received and processed by the GreptimeDB 
```

> and handled a `GreptimeRequest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server, it responds with a `GreptimeResponse` immediately.
```

The `HandleRequests` acts in
a "[Client streaming RPC](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/core-concepts/#client-streaming-rpc)" style. It ingests a

> stream of `GreptimeRequest`, and handles them on the fly. After all the requests are handled, it returns a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stream of `GreptimeRequest`, and handles them on the fly. After all the requests have been handled, it returns a
```

summarized `GreptimeResponse`. Through `HandleRequests`, we can achieve a very high throughput of requests handling.

> However, currently the `GreptimeDatabase` service can **only** handle insertion requests. For query requests, we need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, currently the `GreptimeDatabase` service can **only** handle insert requests. For query requests, we need to
```
